hi guys and welcome back to my youtube
channel a few new year my name is
olivier Jarvis today I'm gonna be taking
you through a full day of eating this
has been a really highly requested video
so I'm really excited to share what I
actually eat oh I could stay in the best
mood over it the sun is shining it feels
like summer and it's not even March it's
really quite warm today and just feels
like just some sunshine I'm also going
to discuss with you like my workouts but
at the moment and I've recently I've
just had I have two rest days yesterday
and the day before you don't completely
over train last week so I'll just kind
of burnt myself and I feel so much
better daily like after having some rest
so what I eat in a day to maintain
muscle and gain lean muscle so I really
hope you like some of these recipes and
let me know if you give any of them a
try let's get started with breakfast
breakfast a treat when our favorite meal
of the day I just love it now I can
always wake up starving
[Music]
coconut oil pull the eggs in that's
enough for like me and making me I've
got a poison away the milk in some
primates but sometimes out water
other times I have milk I'm training
legs up today so quite a big training
session magic and then if you form if
you are you'll know how much I love
these like the vitamin C and the thing
they just make what expert in either and
they're just another supplement I love
to drink so much water throughout the
day so I have gone through it some
cinnamon - Rob oh please this is both is
how good does this look
hi again guys so after breakfast the pan
was all ready to go straight to the gym
and get my workout in but that's rhymed
if you followed me for a while you
remember that we have been looking Mason
I've been looking to me probably over
six months now I've just been really
struggling to find somewhere that we
actually like so we just rang this
estate agent because we viewed a place
that was absolutely amazing
nice location really really lovely spec
but it was just a little bit too small
anyway long so short it's one available
like the larger one so I'm so excited
right now so we're going to go and view
this one that we're on our way to do
that instead of going straight to the
gym
just get the gym session in later today
also do these classes at our gym and
they're just like really high intensity
like hit workouts and they're so good we
did when the beginning of this week and
they literally growth has died like we
can looking into each other
like sweating acid so we're going to add
hit work outside every week and we're
going to probably do that later
they've got loads of these posters of
you go through a gym you should
definitely check out their classes
because it's so you get into the habit
interesting and not you know trakula
type of trade in which really good to
mix things up and it keeps things fresh
and exciting I wish I could take you all
in with me I'm starting you know put my
location out that we just got back from
the house view it was so nice I've just
got a few things to find out but I think
I'd like to move there so we'll see how
that goes so that anyway it just popped
to Maury Bob's there this is like the
nicest chocolate I've had in so long
lynn orange intense dark noir with
almond bits in and it's like orange ease
light is so good i think when i get some
such chili for lunch and then go to the
gym do a bit of a workout you before I
go I'm just so hungry right now called
path - haven't had anything since
breakfast so lacking energy and we have
some water some agua yeah I just got
some more eggs cheese herby seasoning
nice got some affection some rice I look
these like the previous videos hi
jasmine rice how nice is this like Thai
jasmine and fluffy rice I'm sweet corn
chicken wonderful so I'm gonna make like
a cheese on cars like saying five
percent fat beef food
red kidney beans you can have black
alright I just prefer red it's an
Italian chopped tomatoes with basil
sweet : we've got a bit of seasoning
chicken kind of seasoning onion and then
I chopped some celery and just some pure
there's nasty rice you can always I have
like whatever I should fancy but I just
prefer this I'm gonna make this for like
tv4 it's probably like two servings
it's also more time of the night so all
I crave is chocolate not the biggest
sweet tooth honestly attacked me later
actually some coconut oil spray but in
the pan before putting all the veggies
in you can let you put that any veg in
with the lose me top that I put packaged
in just whatever I've got enough really
then I'm going to add a bit of this and
then we'll cook gonna have another pint
of water this is like sugar-free I got
this frog I think my home bargains but
my sink Rockets have it and you just
squirt pilot these luck at these last
ages and this just gets in microwave for
literally two minutes of so [ __ ] easy
is just gonna train like we went on a
run at the other day which calisthenics
stuff rather than just wait wait wait
wait wait yeah gymnastics as well so I
didn't bring pre-workout so I just had
to grab a leaf design zero pink lemonade
that's quite nicely fair it's definitely
not it's not as nice as the Monster
Energy ultra which were obsessed with
like there's no there's another iconic
pair
[Music]
but that parking seriously just
individual of a disabled spot
[Music]
sorry it's my camera see I concentrate
driving please we just got in the game
yeah what the boys come we just got
finished in the gym and actually my
tripod attracted a really really nice
guy who is also a youtuber and through
literature talking outside for about
nearly an hour we didn't thank you
karate would back protein shakes are
actually stink but amazing always leaves
its protein in there it rots isn't it
highbrow had actually just fallen down
put up really good session all the way
around
see you guys
so for dinner I'm gonna write from
broccoli I'm gonna put boiling water and
this like fish fish pie mix but without
obviously the pies
I'm just going to put that in the oven
and cook that Punk a bit with some rye
this is really quickly bang nothing even
I'm gonna put a bit of seasoning on to
[Music]
full scoop this I mix mine with a bit of
milk and water just kind of do half and
half to about their consistency just
depends on hey guys I just thought I
would cover some questions I've been
getting quite a lot recently and they
asked to do with my training split my
eating habits and how I've lost weight
but gained muscle first thing first my
trainers but my current range that is
possible legs upper and then lower I
trained five days a week that's eating
you really well I used to train six days
and to be honest I think a whole thing I
progressed doing that because I was just
like overtraining
doing too much volume and not giving my
channel myself chance to recover and
I've noticed such a big difference from
like giving myself with more recovery
time she's just like completely
dependent on how often you're training
and how attention training is and just
everything like that like well I'm gonna
tell you now is what works for me but it
might not work for you like it we've all
got different routines but just take
that all into consideration if you know
me as well I'm so enthusiastic and I
love my training so for me it's actually
quite difficult sometimes I struggle on
rest days because I just love being in
the gym I love training and I feel like
my day go a bit Posse like if you
haven't trained I always feel mentally
better as well after it's a gym session
and also my rest days aren't actually
scheduled or moments not just when I
feel like I need a few days off I'll
just take them then and just go like
that like it's just less pressure as
well that way then I'm in quite a steady
lean bulking phase at the moment and I'm
not tracking my macros just because in
quite half we like maintenance several I
do have tracked for quite a long time
in previous years well I know probably
because you know I probably have about
nineteen hundred calories a day around
that something like that give or take
like I know my body quite well now I
know what works for me and I think
that's the most important thing like
figuring out what actually works for you
and what suits your lifestyle because
that's going to be the most sustained
and as I've mentioned previous I have
had quite an unhealthy relationship with
food in previous years and that's taken
me a while to recover from that so I
take the whole diet thing like sometimes
when I'm tracking I get to obsessive and
that just doesn't suit me and I don't
like to be restrictive obviously it's
just that's completely dependent on like
your individual goals when I probably
start cutting I'll probably start
tracking again and taking the calories
down and do more high volume stuff but
the moment I'm in quite a happy like
maintenance Bay and then I guess I got
quite a lot of questions asking like how
I gained muscle and lost weight now I
would just say like as I kind of just
mentioned and touched on just to find it
in that work for you like that works for
your routine that we all have such daily
you know different daily routines and
weight loss and weight gain is literally
just purely based on like biology the
calories in versus calories out but if
you are trying to lose weight I
definitely have a look at like your
macros and how much you're actually
eating daily because for a long time I
ignored that and I used to make the
mistake of not eating proper meals I'd
just snack or like I don't have a half
chocolate my dinner whereas now I
actually probably weigh the most I've
ever weighed and I eat the most of it
and I feel the best in myself and I
think I look the best in myself compared
to previous years where I would start
myself and do crazy stuff and protein
has been a massive thing that's helped
me so much like to gain more muscle Matt
definitely found that like an absolute
Savior which is taking me a while to
find a protein that I actually really
enjoy the taste of and that I actually
look forward to because I find if a
number put my protein one that I
mentioned in another video and the
cookies and cream flavor which is unreal
I'll always have that post-workout that
is like such a hack I think that really
I've noticed such a big difference like
in my gains I would intend that active
throughout the day so I'm like [ __ ] I
mainly sit on the laptop working away
and which how do you really enjoy but I
would like to be more active in the day
so I have started adding some I hit
workouts we're gonna do two to three hit
work workouts like just incorporate that
into my normal training on a weekly
basis just so that I'm moving locks I
like to feel a bit more alive myself
that is important to definitely still
have like some activity like flour if
you ought to work or walk to uni or
whatever you do I think it's good to
stay active like as well as your lifting
like it just it all helps and I think
it's important not always to be like you
know looking at the ascetic like you
want to feel good and be fit and healthy
and yourself as well so yeah there are
just a few things that I think are
really helpful thank you so much for
watching video
hope you enjoyed it and if you haven't
already I've really appreciate it if you
subscribed and I'll see you guys in the
next video